README.md, before:

# 🎮 React Tic-Tac-Toe

A simple **Tic-Tac-Toe game** built with **React.js**.  
This project demonstrates core React concepts such as **components, state, props, and event handling**.

---

## 📌 Features
- Classic **Tic-Tac-Toe gameplay**
- Player turns (`X` and `O`)
- Winner detection logic
- Reset / Restart game functionality
- Clean and responsive UI

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **React.js**
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**
- **CSS**

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Muazzam-Mahmood/React-Tic-Tac-Toe.git
cd React-Tic-Tac-Toe
```

### 2. Install Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the App
```bash
npm start
```
The app will run locally on **http://localhost:3000**

---

## 📂 Project Structure
```
React-Tic-Tac-Toe/
│-- src/
│   │-- Components/
│   │   └── TicTacToe.jsx
│   │-- App.js
│   │-- index.js
│-- public/
│-- package.json
│-- README.md
```

---

## 🌟 Future Improvements
- Add AI opponent
- Add scoreboard
- Add animations and sound effects

---

## 👨‍💻 Author
**Muazzam Mahmood**  
🔗 [My LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muazzam-mahmood-3b977a296/)

Commit message:

Add License section with MIT License information
Added a License section to the README.

README.md, after:

# 🎮 React Tic-Tac-Toe

A simple **Tic-Tac-Toe game** built with **React.js**.  
This project demonstrates core React concepts such as **components, state, props, and event handling**.

---

## 📌 Features
- Classic **Tic-Tac-Toe gameplay**
- Player turns (`X` and `O`)
- Winner detection logic
- Reset / Restart game functionality
- Clean and responsive UI

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **React.js**
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**
- **CSS**

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Muazzam-Mahmood/React-Tic-Tac-Toe.git
cd React-Tic-Tac-Toe
```

### 2. Install Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the App
```bash
npm start
```
The app will run locally on **http://localhost:3000**

---

## 📂 Project Structure
```
React-Tic-Tac-Toe/
│-- src/
│   │-- Components/
│   │   └── TicTacToe.jsx
│   │-- App.js
│   │-- index.js
│-- public/
│-- package.json
│-- README.md
```

---

## 🌟 Future Improvements
- Add AI opponent
- Add scoreboard
- Add animations and sound effects

---
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---
## 👨‍💻 Author
**Muazzam Mahmood**  
🔗 [My LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muazzam-mahmood-3b977a296/)
